Mininet based Emulation 

1. Mininet Installation Note
1) install Mininet by upgrade
1) Only Mininet 2.3.0 support Python3
2) Python Mininet module not found from the packages: SOLUTION: export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:$HOME/mininet
3) to start pox: move all the codes under the pox directory

To start mininet :

python main.py

POX Controller 

To start pox with our custom components

python pox.py --verbose  openflow.spanning_tree --no-flood --hold-down discovery_relabel  l2_pairs_mls

Two custom components
1. Custom l2_pairs_mls
  Learns host info during warm up period
        Updates discovery with host info
  Does default routing
    Invokes API (per flow) - Packet In event      
    Installs rules backwards from last hop and then forwards packet to first hop
        Match involves source mac and dest mac
  Maintains flow related DS
    Active flows, blocked flows and waiting flows
    Flows are uniquely identified based on source mac and dest mac addr
    Levels are assigned and maintained here
  Periodically invokes relabeling
    Clears all rules all switches
    Invokes heuristic
    Reboots switches
        Mimic rebooting using timer
        If flow goes through rebooting switch we do not install rules 


2. Custom Discovery component
    Learns topology (switch-switch links)
        Creates switch ds - Connection up/down events
            Assigns level (Faux attestation mechanism?)
        Maintains network graph DS as it listens to these events


Agility 
  Link failure  - configLinkStatus

Recent bug fixes
1. Discover component
  Dest port incorrect - Affects rules
2. L2_Pairs_MLS
  a) Flow ID incorrect 
    Affects everything
  b) Rule installation
    When traversing backwards prev and next node were interchanged - affects rules installed      
  c) Packet In event handler
    ICMP response was being treated as a new flow - We ignore these now   
3. Lib relabeling
    Switch info and host info global variables
      They were not updated after relabeling 
4. L2 Pairs MLS
   Flow level method was random
    Could lead to flows which could never be routed
    Fixed this set to 5 min(src,dest)      


POX MISC

1. POX L2 Pairs with discover and spanning tree 

    python3 pox.py --verbose  openflow.spanning_tree --no-flood --hold-down openflow.discovery  forwarding.l2_pairs

    OR 

    python3 pox.py --verbose  openflow.spanning_tree --no-flood --hold-down openflow.discovery  forwarding.l2_learning


2. Default timeout used (Unsure if this matters for larger topos)

3. Naming convention on Mininet end (extra params passed do not make a difference)
   https://mailman.stanford.edu/pipermail/mininet-discuss/2014-August/004960.html                  
